Merge existing docs (#8)
srobo/runbook: docs/competition/teams/process-docs/orientation-and-pit-rules.md

---
original:
  authors: Sean Bedford
  url: https://github.com/srobo/comp-team-coord-docs/ProcessDocs/orientationAndPitRules
---
## Welcome to Student Robotics 2017!

## Pit Rules and Guidance
The following rules must be observed at all times in the pits:

1.	No battery charging. You must hand over your battery charger and spare batteries at reception. During the competition, visit Helpdesk (on the top floor, see map) to swap a discharged battery for a charged one.

> 2.	No liquids except drinks to be present on the top floor. The carpet is expensive, and easily damaged by adhesives / paint / solvents.

Reviewer: This is only relevant to newbury, we can remove this point

Author: this doc is a year-specific example.

> 3.	No powered tools on the top floor (such as soldering irons). **Power tools should only be used in the downstairs area.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.	No powered tools in puts (such as soldering irons). **Power tools should only be used in the designated area.**
```

Author: "puts"?

Author: (Note that this was intentional at Newbury as the limitation related to the carpet in the Venue, not the pit areas)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.	No powered tools in team pits (such as soldering irons). **Power tools should only be used in the designated area.**
```

4.	Keep your robot in your pit when possible – we may need to find you quickly.
5.	Please avoid blocking or restricting aisles through pits.

> 6.	Please refrain from running any wireless access points, they will only interfere with the AP next to your pit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.	Please refrain from running any wireless access points. If the provided network infrastructure isn't enough for teams, this issue should be raised to helpdesk.
```

> ## Network and Website Details

Reviewer: Probably not worth documenting the network details here, as we rotate them with each competition, if we run our own network at all.

Author: cb34c96 clarifies that this whole page is an example.

A wireless network is available, connection details:

* **SSID:** SR
* **Password:** easyasabc

You will find the following pages on the website useful:

[http://srobo.org/comp/schedule](https://studentrobotics.org/comp/schedule) The schedule of matches.

[http://srobo.org/comp/league](https://studentrobotics.org/comp/league) The current league scores.

[http://srobo.org/comp/team](https://studentrobotics.org/comp/team) Statistics about your team and others.

> ## Schedule

Reviewer: I don't think it's useful listing a schedule here, as it changes quite a lot per year

Author: cb34c96 clarifies that this whole page is an example.
